{"title":"Uyamak","description":"Boost your math skills with our interactive, pictorial-based platform. Enhance your understanding with ease. Start exploring now this free, open-source.","keywords":["Uyamak","mathematics","block diagram","simulation","application"],"author":"Suresh Kumar Gadi","publisher":"https://plus.google.com/+SureshKumarGadi/posts","image":"https://lagunamedicalcenter.com/images/logo.jpg","twitter_creator":"@SureshKumarGadi","CSSPlugIn":[{"Local":true, "URL":"w3css/w3.css"},{"Local":true, "URL":"w3css/w3-theme-teal.css"},{"Local":true, "URL":"../css/w3css-ext.min.css"},{"Local":true, "URL":"../css/fonts/u57c.min.css"},{"Local":true, "URL":"../css/index.min.css"},{"Local":true, "URL":"fa/css/all.min.css"}],"JSPlugInEnd":[{"Local":true, "URL":"jquery/jquery.min.js"},{"Local":true, "URL":"../script/index.min.js"}],"Anchors":[{"id":"home","value":"Top"},{"id":"work","value":"How does it work?"},{"id":"features","value":"Features"},{"id":"support","value":"Support Uyamak"},{"id":"contact","value":"Contact us"}],"head_1_para_1":"Welcome to Uyamak, an innovative and user-friendly platform for unlocking your applied mathematics abilities and keenness! Say goodbye to the traditional equations and hello to a unique and intuitive way of learning mathematics through our model-based design approach.","head_1_para_2":"Uyamak's editor uses a pictorial approach that makes it easy to design and simulate mathematical models. By connecting different blocks with wires, you can create and test your algorithms with ease. Whether you're a school student, college student, university student, or researcher, Uyamak has something to offer for you.","head_1_para_3":"Our aim is to provide the best learning experience possible and continuously improve the functionality of Uyamak. With its ergonomic design, you can learn mathematics in a fun and engaging way. Try the app and see for yourself how much easier and enjoyable learning mathematics can be with Uyamak.","head_1_para_4":"As you dive deeper into the world of mathematical modeling and simulation, you will find that Uyamak's model-based design approach is an effective tool for visualizing complex mathematical models and solving differential equations. Whether you're just starting out or are an experienced researcher, Uyamak is here to help you achieve your goals.","head_1_para_5":"So, go ahead, Uyamak (unleash your applied mathematics abilities & keenness)!","head_1_subhead":"Unleash Your Applied Mathematics Abilities & Keenness","head_1_card_1_title_1":"Schools","head_1_card_1_title_2":"Colleges","head_1_card_1_title_3":"Universities","head_1_card_1_title_4":"Researchers","learn_more":"Learn more","head_1_card_1_desc_1":"Uyamak is an excellent tool for students at the school level to develop their math skills. From performing simple arithmetic to learning the basics of trigonometry, students can benefit from the interactive and intuitive approach of Uyamak.","head_1_card_1_desc_2":"College students can put their knowledge to the test with Uyamak. Whether it's exploring complex numbers, working with matrices, or applying calculus, Uyamak provides a platform for college students to hone their mathematical abilities.","head_1_card_1_desc_3":"Uyamak is the perfect tool for university students to tackle challenging mathematical concepts. With its easy-to-use interface, students can easily visualize and solve complex differential equations, making their studies more efficient and effective.","head_1_card_1_desc_4":"For researchers, Uyamak offers a platform to test and refine their algorithms. With its advanced features, researchers can apply different integration methods and observe their results in real-time, allowing them to optimize their models and make new discoveries.","head_2":"How Uyamak Works","head_2_subhead":"Understanding the Technology Behind the Scenes","head_2_para_1":"Uyamak uses JavaScript to analyze the user-created block diagram algorithm and determine its execution order. This information is then passed to the simulation engine for processing. The simulation engine evaluates each block one by one to produce the results.","head_2_para_2":"To ensure a smooth and responsive user experience, Uyamak employs web workers for multi-threading. This allows the GUI to remain interactive while the simulation is in progress.","head_2_para_3":"For a more in-depth understanding of the technology behind Uyamak, a scientific article is in the works. The article will be made available here once it is published.","head_2_card_1_title_1":"Interpret","head_2_card_1_title_2":"Simulate","head_2_card_1_title_3":"Display","head_2_card_1_title_4":"Update","head_2_card_1_desc_1":"Uyamak's interpretation process translates the user's block diagram into an executable sequence.","head_2_card_1_desc_2":"The simulation engine uses numerical methods to evaluate each block and pass the results to the main window.","head_2_card_1_desc_3":"The main window thread visually displays the simulation results in real-time to keep the interface interactive.","head_2_card_1_desc_4":"Uyamak allows users to dynamically update parameters during simulation without any interruptions.","head_3":"Features","head_3_subhead":"What Makes Uyamak Stand Out","head_3_para_1":"Uyamak is a versatile tool that offers convenience and flexibility to users. One of its key features is that it can be used on any computer with internet access, making it accessible from anywhere, whether you're at school, home, or on the go. Additionally, Uyamak runs locally on your computer, so it doesn't require a fast internet connection.","head_3_card_1_title_1":"OS independent","head_3_card_1_title_2":"Instant access","head_3_card_1_title_3":"No Coding Required","head_3_card_1_title_4":"Sharing","head_3_card_1_desc_1":"Uyamak runs on a web browser, which means it can be used on any operating system, making it a convenient solution for users with diverse computing setups.","head_3_card_1_desc_2":"There's no need to download or install anything, and no administrative rights are required. With Uyamak, you can start using it right away, without any barriers to entry.","head_3_card_1_desc_3":"Uyamak is a visual programming tool that eliminates the need for traditional coding. Instead, you can use simple block diagrams to program, making it a user-friendly solution for those who are new to programming.","head_3_card_1_desc_4":"Uyamak allows you to download your program to your computer or save it to your Google Drive account for easy sharing. This makes it easy to collaborate with others or transfer your work from one device to another.","head_4":"Support Uyamak","head_4_subhead":"Your Investment in the Future of Education","head_4_para_1":"At Uyamak, we believe in making education accessible to everyone. That's why we've created a tool that is easy to use and accessible to anyone with a computer and internet connection. However, in order to continue improving and expanding Uyamak, we need your help.","head_4_para_2":"As a non-profit project, we do not use advertisements or charge subscription fees. Instead, we rely on the generosity of our users to support us. Your donation, no matter the size, will directly contribute to the development and growth of Uyamak.","head_4_para_3":"By supporting Uyamak, you are investing in the future of education. Your contribution will help us bring our vision to life and make a real difference in the lives of students around the world.","head_4_para_4":"If you're interested in supporting Uyamak, you can do so through one of the following methods:","head_4_para_5":"","head_4_card_1_title":"GitHub Sponsors","head_4_card_1_desc_1":"Our first preference","head_4_card_2_title":"Patreon","head_4_card_2_desc_1":"Our second preference","head_4_card_3_title":"PayPal","head_4_card_3_desc_1":"Our last preference","support_generated":"Generated","last_month":"in the last month","this_month":"in the present month","head_4_conclusion":"Thank you for considering supporting Uyamak. Your investment will help make a difference in the world of education.","head_5":"Get in Touch","head_5_subhead":"We're here to help","head_5_para_1":"We would love to hear from you! Whether you have a suggestion, question, comment, or concern, please don't hesitate to reach out to us. Our team is dedicated to providing the best possible experience for our users, and your feedback is a critical part of that.","head_5_para_2":"SKGadi is the designer, developer, and tester behind Uyamak, but without the guidance of Antonio Concha, it wouldn't be possible to achieve its high level of accuracy. While we are a small team of just two people, we will do our best to respond to your inquiries in a timely manner.","head_5_para_3":"If you'd like to get in touch with us, please use the button below to access SKGadi's contact page. Please be sure to include the word \"Uyamak\" in the subject line so we can easily identify your area of interest.","button_contact":"SKGadi's Contact Page","button_goto":"Go to","button_goto_app":"Launch Online App","button_download_app":"Download Windows App","download":"Download"}